I have pretty much finished. I’m pretty good at it, too.
Amazing Kasumi. You are like a professional editor!
Yeah. Now, I just need to export the data for YouTube...
So, let’s check it out.
Sound from a video of the band club performance
End of video playback for the band club
You upload this here. And the dance club is next.
Sound from a video of the dance club performance
Oh, this is the same song as before.
Yeah, that's right.
It’s interesting to dance to this hip-hop song.
The band club performance was good,
but it’s different when real vocals are included.
End of video playback for the dance club
Aoi, you didn’t see this stage?
Everyone was in top form and it was amazing.
What’s this?
Copyright infringement? The previous performance was fine.
I heard that YouTube has comprehensive contracts,
so the users don’t have to worry too much about it.
It’s a bit scary, so, I’ll take a screen picture
and show it to Ryota and the others.
The sound of taking a picture of a computer screen with a smartphone
Oh, Naoya, Ryota! There’s something I’d like you to see!
Kasumi, show them.
Yeah, yeah. This is it.
Wow. I’ve never seen anything like this.
Will Kasumi’s account be suspended?
Hey, don’t say such scary things. Ryota, what does this mean?
It’s the same song, but the band club could upload it as it was,
but the dance club got angry.
The video from the dance club is sung by a club member,
and the sound recording is the one you downloaded.
Yes, the girls in the dance club were playing it on their phones,
so I think it was either downloaded or subscribed to.
Do you mean they got mad because they used a copy?
Maybe they should have hooked up a real CD and played it.
The JASRAC website says,
“When you use CDs on the market or downloaded sound
recordings, you need permission from the neighboring
right owner.”
Who is the neighboring right owner?